Update troubleshoot-ingest-pipelines.md (#4695)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/elasticsearch/troubleshoot-ingest-pipelines.md

}
```

### Errors

> The {{es}} API response body includes errors encountered at any stage of the ingestion flow. To diagnose ingestion issues, it's also recommended to review error logs. Elastic client-side products, including [Logstash](logstash://reference/logstash/logging#_update_logging_levels) and [Elastic Agent](fleet://reference/fleet/monitor-elastic-agent#change-logging-level), might require the `debug` logging level to be enabled to report HTTP 400-level errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{es}} API response body includes errors encountered at any stage of the ingestion flow. To diagnose ingestion issues, it's also recommended to review error logs. Elastic client-side products, including [Logstash](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/logstash/logging#_update_logging_levels) and [Elastic Agent](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/fleet/monitor-elastic-agent#change-logging-level), might require the `debug` logging level to be enabled to report HTTP 400-level errors. 
```

> The {{es}} API response body includes errors encountered at any stage of the ingestion flow. To diagnose ingestion issues, it's also recommended to review error logs. Elastic client-side products, including [Logstash](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/logstash/logging#_update_logging_levels) and [Elastic Agent](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/fleet/monitor-elastic-agent#change-logging-level), may require the `debug` logging level to be enabled in order to report HTTP 400-level errors. The following are examples of error log entries that you may encounter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{es}} API response body includes errors encountered at any stage of the ingestion flow. To diagnose ingestion issues, it's also recommended to review error logs. Elastic client-side products, including [Logstash](logstash://reference/logstash/logging#_update_logging_levels) and [Elastic Agent](fleet://reference/fleet/monitor-elastic-agent#change-logging-level), might require the `debug` logging level to be enabled to report HTTP 400-level errors. 
```

> To demonstrate a common common example, a document may be rejected due to a mapping conflict when the incoming data does not match the explicit field types defined in the index mapping. The {{es}} logs may include entries such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate a common common example, a document may be rejected from indexing due to a [mapping](/manage-data/data-store/mapping.md) conflict when the incoming data does not match the [explicit field types](/manage-data/data-store/mapping/explicit-mapping.md) defined inside the existing index's mapping. The {{es}} error logs might include entries such as:
```

> To demonstrate a common example, a document may be rejected from indexing due to a [mapping](/manage-data/data-store/mapping.md) conflict when the incoming data does not match the [explicit field types](/manage-data/data-store/mapping/explicit-mapping.md) defined inside the existing index's mapping. The {{es}} logs might include entries such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate a common example, a document can be rejected from indexing due to a [mapping](/manage-data/data-store/mapping.md) conflict when the incoming data does not match the [explicit field types](/manage-data/data-store/mapping/explicit-mapping.md) defined inside the existing index's mapping. The {{es}} logs might include entries such as:
```

> To demonstrate a common example, a document may be rejected from indexing due to a [mapping](/manage-data/data-store/mapping.md) conflict when the incoming data does not match the [explicit field types](/manage-data/data-store/mapping/explicit-mapping.md) defined inside the existing index's mapping. The {{es}} error logs might include entries such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate a common example, a document may be rejected from indexing due to a [mapping](/manage-data/data-store/mapping.md) conflict when the incoming data does not match the [explicit field types](/manage-data/data-store/mapping/explicit-mapping.md) defined inside the existing index's mapping. The {{es}} logs might include entries such as:
```

{{es}}'s Ingest Pipeline processors don't have associated `id` like {{ls}}'s Pipelines to distinguish them so these emit in sequential order as seen in pipeline's definition. 

The statistics report per node since its uptime, so will reset with node restarts. As a rough heuristic, you could look at an individual node's output knowing proportions will usually be about equal. 

## Errors

> The Elasticsearch API response body includes any errors encountered at any stage of the ingestion flow. To diagnose ingestion issues, it is also recommended to review error logs. Note that Elastic client-side products (such as [Logstash](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/logstash/logging#_update_logging_levels) and [Elastic Agent](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/fleet/monitor-elastic-agent#change-logging-level)) may require debug logging level to be enabled in order to report HTTP 400-level errors. The following are examples of error log entries you may encounter:

Author: Great thank you both!
